Figure1：“The figure shows the geographical distribution of the 10 cultural clusters, 9 culture subjects, generated dataset, UCOGC dataset, distribution, stereotype, patchwork, fidelity. 9 culture objects from each of the countries belonging to the 10 cultural clusters are selected. Generative datasets were generated by three models, SD1.5, SD2.0, and Dall-E 2, and images were manually searched to form UCOGC datasets. For the generated dataset, resnet and VIT scores are computed to determine the degree of distribution, vendi score is computed to determine the degree of stereotype, and the degree of patchwork is obtained by manual evaluation; for the UCOGC dataset, Fid and Kid are computed and manually evaluated to determine the degree of fidelity.”

Figure 2：“There are 18 images of different kinds generated by different model, and the three columns from left to right are images generated by SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2 models, respectively. The first row contains food, the second row contains Chinese food, and the third row contains USA food; the fourth row contains buildings, the fifth row contains Chinese buildings, and the sixth row contains USA buildings.

Figure 3 （a） ：“Pictured are 10 real images. The first row is images of costumes and the second row is images of festivals and events. Each column is a different country, from left to right India, Germany, Russia, Brazil, and Finland. '”

Figure 3 （b） ：” The figure shows 6 images of different kinds generated by different models. The first row is apparel images and the second row is festival activity images. Each column is a different model, from left to right SD1.5, SD2.1, Dall-E 2.”

Figure 4：” The Y-axis of the figure represents the ten cultural clusters from the African region to the Confucian, and the X-axis represents the corresponding share of the share of the different models, which ranges from 0 to 0.35. The dots of different colors represent the different models and contents, with the purple dots coloring SD1.5, the green dots coloring SD2.1, the blue dots coloring Dall-E 2, the red dots with highlights are for GDP, and the brown dots with highlights are for Population”

Figure 5：” The graphs show the degree of patchowrk for each culture object in SD2.1, SD1.5, and Dall-E 2. The darker the color, the higher the degree, 30 countries on the X-axis, and 9 culture subjects on the Y-axis.”

Figure 6：“The figure shows 9 images of different kinds generated by different models. The first row is apparel images, the second row is festival activity images, and the third row is performance images. Each column is a different model, from left to right, SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2.”





Figure 7 （a）：“There is a paragraph on the page that asks volunteers to determine if the images that appear on subsequent pages are similar, and in doing so to determine if the volunteer is capable of completing the full survey.The left and right sides of the page each show a image of the Baozi, the right side is the reference image, the left side is the image to be judged, there are two buttons below the image to choose "yes" or "no". At the bottom of the page, there are two buttons "previous" and "next" for people to change the image”

Figure 7 （b）：“There is a paragraph on the page that asks volunteers to compare the judgmental images with the corresponding standard images on five levels: "Not similar at all", "Not so similar", "Relatively similar", "Very similar", "Nearly the same"The left and right sides of the page each show the images to be judged, the right side is the authentic image, and the left side is the generated image to be judged, and there are five buttons to choose from below the images, which are "Not similar at all", "Not so similar", "Relatively similar", "Very similar", "Nearly the same". At the bottom of the page, there are "previous" and "next" buttons to change the image.”

Figure 7 （c）：“On the top left page is a text that asks volunteers to select "yes" or "no" options based on certain criteria for determining whether or not a picture has been spliced. The bottom-left page contains a paragraph with four images below it, showing a specific example of image stitching: the flag is featured in the image. The top right page shows an image that needs to be judged for patchwork, with two button choices below the image, "yes" and "no". At the bottom of the page, there are two buttons, "previous" and "next", for people to switch between images. There is a paragraph on the page that verifies the answer to the previous judgment about splicing: the previous figure does have splicing, and emphasizes that the work is not complicated.”

Figure 8 （a）：“The graph shows Dalle's resnet scores from 0 to 0.7 on the Y-axis and 9 culture subjects on the X-axis, and the ten dots of different colors and shapes represent ten cultural clusters ranging from the African region to the Confucian, and most of them are clustered between 0 and 0.05.”

Figure 8 （b）：“The graph shows Dalle's VIT scores between 0 and 1.0 on the Y-axis and 9 culture subjects on the X-axis, and the ten dots of different colors and shapes represent the ten culture clusters ranging from the African region to the Confucian, and most of them are clustered between 0 and 0.2.”

Figure 8 （c）：“The graph shows resnet scores for SD1.5 from 0 to 0.5 on the Y-axis and 9 culture subjects on the X-axis, and the ten dots of different colors and shapes represent the ten culture clusters from the African region to the Confucian , where they are mostly clustered between 0 and 0.1.”

Figure 8 （d）：“The graph shows VIT scores between 0 and 1.0 for SD1.5 on the Y-axis and 9 culture subjects on the X-axis, and the ten dots of different colors and shapes represent the ten culture clusters from the African region to the Confucian, and they are mostly clustered between 0 and 0.1.
”

Figure 8 （e）：“he graph shows the resnet scores of SD2.1 from 0 to 1.0 on the Y-axis and 9 culture subjects on the X-axis, and the ten dots of different colors and shapes represent the ten culture clusters ranging from the African region to the Confucian, and most of them are clustered between 0 and 0.1.”

Figure 8 （f）：“The graph shows the VIT scores of SD2.1 from 0 to 1.0 on the Y-axis and 9 culture subjects on the X-axis, and the ten dots of different colors and shapes represent the ten culture clusters ranging from the African region to the Confucian, and most of them are clustered between 0 and 0.1.”

Figure 9 （a）：“The Y-axis of the figure shows the vendi scores from 18 to 27, and the X-axis shows the 10 cultural clusters from AFRICAN to SOUTH-EAST ASIAN.The figure shows the scores of each cultural cluster for the three models SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2, with the highest scores in each of the categories for Dall-E 2, followed by SD2.1, and the lowest for”

Figure 9 （b）：“The Y-axis of the figure shows the vendi scores from 6 to 9, and the X-axis shows the 30 countries from AFRICAN to SOUTH-EAST ASIAN. the figure shows the scores of each cultural cluster for the three models SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2, with the highest scores in each of the categories for Dall-E 2, followed by SD2.1, and the lowest for SD1.5”

Figure 10 （a）：“The figure shows the difference between the vendi score and the mean score for SD2.1, with 9 culture subjects on the Y-axis and 30 countries on the X-axis, with the colors skewing more towards red for smaller values and more towards blue for larger values”

Figure 10 （b）：“The figure shows the difference between the vendi score and the mean score for SD1.5, with 9 culture subjects on the y-axis and 30 countries on the x-axis, with the color skewing more towards red the smaller the value and more towards blue the larger the value”

Figure 10 （c）：“The graph shows the difference between the Dall-E2 vendi scores and the mean scores, with 9 culture subjects on the Y-axis and 30 countries on the X-axis, with the colors skewing more towards red for smaller values and more towards blue for larger values.”

Figure 11 （a）：“The figure shows the images generated by SD1.5, there are four rows of 10 images each, totaling 40 images. Each two rows have the same prompt and each row is a different country. One or two rows are performances, three or four rows are buildings, the first row is Pakistan, the second row is USA, the third row is Iran and the fourth row is Denmark. Pakistan and Iran are less diverse and generate similar styles, and the United States and Denmark are more diverse and generate rich content”


Figure 11 （b）：“The figure shows the images generated by SD2.1, there are four rows with 10 images in each row, totaling 40 images. Each two rows have the same prompt and each row is a different country. One or two rows are performances, three or four rows are buildings, the first row is Pakistan, the second row is USA, the third row is Iran and the fourth row is Denmark. Pakistan and Iran are less diverse and generate similar styles, and the United States and Denmark are more diverse and generate rich content”

Figure 11 （c）：“The figure shows the images generated by Dall-E2 with four rows of 10 images each, totaling 40 images. Each two rows have the same prompt and each row is a different country. One or two rows are performances, three or four rows are buildings, the first row is Pakistan, the second row is USA, the third row is Iran and the fourth row is Denmark. Pakistan and Iran are less diverse and generate similar styles, and the United States and Denmark are more diverse and generate rich content”

Figure 12 （a）:” The Y-axis of the figure is the size of the Fid, from 0 to 100, and the X-axis is the 9 culture subjects. the figure shows the distribution of FIDs for each culture cluster in the three models of SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2. Generally speaking, the lowest Fid value is found in SD1.5, followed by Dall-E 2, and the highest in SD2.1. The lower the Fid, the better the results are.”

Figure 12 （b）:” The Y-axis of the figure is the size of Kid from 0.01 to 0.08, and the X-axis is the 9 culture subjects.The figure shows the distribution of Kid for each culture cluster in the three models of SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2. Generally speaking, the lowest value of Fid is in SD1.5, followed by Dall-E 2, and the highest one is in SD2.1 . The lower the Kid, the better the results are.
”

Figure 12 （c）:” The Y-axis of the figure shows the size of the artificial scores from 2.2 to 3.8, and the X-axis shows the nine culture subjects. the figure shows the distribution of the artificial scores of each culture cluster in the three models of SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2. The scores fluctuate greatly in the three models, and have different highs and lows in the different culture subjects, making it difficult to determine the overall situation at a glance”

Figure 13 （a）：“The figure shows 24 images, including 12 standard images and 12 generated images. The two left columns are standard images and the two right columns are generated images, the first and second rows are Taziyah performance (Performance, Iran), the third and fourth rows are Saint George's Day (Festival activity, Spain), the fifth and sixth rows are Hengelsport (Game Activity, Netherlands). Their standard and generated images differed too much, and were thus recognized as low-quality images.”

Figure 13 （b）：“The figure shows 24 images, 12 standard and 12 generated images. The two left columns are standard images and the two right columns are generated images, the first and second rows are Drop (Food, Netherlands), the third and fourth rows are Hofjes (Architecture, Netherlands), and the fifth and sixth rows are Tang Suit (Apparel, China). Their standard and generated images differed too much, and were thus recognized as low-quality images.”

Figure 13 （c）：“The figure shows 24 images, 12 standard and 12 generated images. The two left columns are standard images and the two right columns are generated images. The first and second rows are Chinese Shadow Play (Performance, China), the third and fourth rows are klompen (Craft, Netherlands), and the fifth and sixth rows are Saoshyant (Mythical figure, Iran). Their standard and generated images differed too much, and were thus recognized as low-quality images.”

 
Table 1:” The first row is Neutral prompt, Expanded prompt, Cultural Object, Total, respectively, and the first column SD1.5, SD2.1, Dall-E 2, UCOGC, total. the table shows the number and size of datasets generated and used”

Table 2: ”The first row shows the three types of models SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2, respectively, and the second row divides each model into specific resnet and VIT parts, and the first column shows the top 10 cultural clusters. The table shows the percentage distribution of resnet and VIT for different cultural clusters under the SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2 models”

Table 3: ”In the first row are the three models SD1.5 , SD2.1, and Dall-E 2, respectively, and their means. The first column shows the nine cultural subjects, from top to bottom: Apparel, Architecture, Artwork, Handicraft, Festival activity, Food, Game Activity, Mythical figure, Performance. The table shows the Vendi ratings of culture subjects without modeling, and the mean of the ratings.”

Table 4: ”The first row shows the three models SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2 respectively, the second row divides each model into human, Fid, and Kid sections, and the first column shows the nine culture subjects. the table shows the mean of the manual scores, the Fid, and the Kid values for the nine culture subjects in the three different models.”

Table 5: ” The first column of the table contains the names of the countries, of which there are 30. It is the corresponding representative country selected from each cultural cluster”

Table 6: ”The first row of the table shows the 9 broad categories, the first column shows the 10 cultural clusters, and the second column corresponds to the 3 countries under each cultural cluster to which it belongs. The table shows the specific culture objects presented in each country for each column label (culture subjects)”

Table 7: ”The first row of the table contains five types of data. Population, GDP, SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2. The first column shows the ten cultural clusters from the Confucian cultural circle to the African region. The table is filled in with the percentage of each cultural cluster under each column label.”

Table 8: ”The first column of the table shows the names of the three models SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2, and the first row shows the percentage of the four score ranges 1-2, 2-3, 3-4, and 4-5 in percentile %. The table shows the percentage of different score ranges, which is calculated from all culture objects in the SD1.5, SD2.1, and Dall-E 2 models.”




